I am Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart born in 1756,
in Salzburg, Austria. I am recognized as one
of the greatest composers in the history of
Western music. I brought the Viennese Classical
music to its highest achievements and wrote
in all the musical genres of my day and excelled
in everyone.
Both parents, stressed the importance of music
to their children. Together with my sister,
Nannerl, I received such intensive musical
training that by the age of six I was a budding
composer and an accomplished keyboard performer.
In 1762 my father presented me as performer
at the imperial court in Vienna, and later
started a musical tour to most of western
Europe cities and royal families. This exposed
me from an early age to unusual variety of
musical styles across Europe.
As a teenager, my reputation as a composer
grew to a degree of maturity equal to that
of older established musicians. At age 12
I produced my first real operas: the German
Singspiel. I was made a member of an honorary
knightly order by the Pope. At age 22, I lost
my mother, I was unable to get hired for an
opera and unable to secure global theater
presence. Wrapped with disappointment, I then
moved to Vienna where I made the greatest
developments in a short span in the history
of music. My music grew rapidly beyond the
realm of many of my contemporaries. Those
skills led to my greatest operas. In my last
opera, The Magic Flute, I produced a work
combining many strands of popular theater
including musical expressions ranging from
folk to opera.
I turned to work on what was to be my last
project, the Requiem. Ill and exhausted, I
managed to finish the first two movements,
but the last three sections were entirely
lacking. It was completed by my pupil Franz
Süssmayer after my death, which occurred
at age 35. My life was a mix of ups and downs
but I believed that the music is not in the
notes, but in the silence between. I hope
these silences are inspiring the world to
this day.